transaction execution docs update (#1278)
onflow/flow: docs/content/concepts/transaction-lifecycle.md

## Execution

Once the transaction reaches the execution node as part of a collection it is validated and processed by the Flow Virtual Machine (FVM) following steps illustrated by the image below.

> ![Transaction Execution](fvm-transaction-execuiton.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Transaction Execution](fvm-transaction-execution.png)
```

- Cadence memory weights (mow much memory is used during Cadence operations)
- Cadence memory limit

During this step these parameters are read from the smart contract.

#### Start metering execution effort

Until this point in the execution no execution effort was measured. All actions done should be accounted for in the inclusion effort.
In this step we start metering not only execution effort, but also memory consumption, interaction and emitted event size.

See [Segmented Transaction Fees](/concepts/variable-transaction-fees#segmented-transaction-fees) for more details on the different components of effort.

#### Execute transaction body

During this step the users transaction code is executed. In case an error occurs the transaction continues with the [Execution error step](#execution-error-step).

#### Stop metering execution effort

Now that the users part of the transaction is executed, metering is stopped. The metered quantities will be used for fee deduction later.
In case any metering limits were hit during execution, the execution would continue with the [Execution error step](#execution-error-step).

#### Check accounts' storage limits

> In this step the all accounts whose storage was changed during the transaction execution will be checked that their [storage capacity](/concepts/storage#storage-capacity-of-the-payer) does not exceed their [storage used](/concepts/storage#storage-used). If it does, an error is produced and the transaction continues with the [Execution error step](#execution-error-step).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this step, all accounts whose storage was changed during the transaction execution, will be checked to ensure their [storage capacity](/concepts/storage#storage-capacity-of-the-payer) does not exceed their [storage used](/concepts/storage#storage-used). If it does, an error is produced and the transaction continues with the [Execution error step](#execution-error-step).
```
